Install signal handler to handle SIGTERM (#5019)
pytest-dev/pytest: changelog/5019.feature.rst

> The SIGTERM signal is handled by raising ``_pytest.outcomes.Exit`` internally.

Reviewer: ```suggestion
The ``SIGTERM`` signal is now properly handled, causing the current test session to exit.
```

> The ``SIGTERM`` signal is now properly handled, causing the current test session to exit.

Author: ```suggestion
The ``SIGTERM`` signal is now handled, causing the current test session to exit.
```
